Vera and Clara are built for serious professional work.
That work can require real client data: documents, names and facts.
What you provide is not anonymised automatically.
When useful, local Python tools can filter or
aggregate material before Codex interprets it.
But a mechanical filter cannot decide on its own what the work genuinely needs.
If the task requires them, necessary names,
documents or case facts may be included by Codex in a call to a language model.
That call is governed by your existing ChatGPT plan. In ordinary workflows,
no client or work content is sent to Mparanza.
Optional services hosted by Mparanza have a separate, documented boundary.
For each service, we state what is sent and its access and retention arrangements.
Each workflow is mapped once, when it is added or materially changed.
The relevant boundary appears in the workflow, without paperwork for every prompt.
Professional judgement remains with you.